Adjusting About page (#85)
eclipse-velocitas/velocitas-docs: content/en/docs/about/_index.md

- Porting Vehicle App to another vehicle platform is complex.

## Solution

Writing Vehicle App in a **vehicle independent** way by using a vehicle API, container technology and a pre-configured project setup​

- **Speeds up** the development by **reducing the complexity**
- **Empowers developers** of OEMs and suppliers to write easily Vehicle App
- Allows to **focus on differentiating business logic** to innovate quickly
- **Enables portability** through containerized Apps with no dependencies to E/E architecture 

## Product

Eclipse _Velocitas™_ provides an end-to-end, scalable and modular development tool chain to create containerized Vehicle Apps, offering a comfortable, fast and efficient development experience to increase the speed of a development team (velocity).

<img src="dev_ops_cycle.png" >

## Features

- **Project lifecycle management** to create or update Vehicle App repositories via CLI 
- **Vehicle abstraction support** with auto completion using generated model to abstract the vehicle's signals and E/E architecture helps to focus on business logic and enables _Vehicle Apps_ to be portable across different electric and electronic vehicle architectures

> - Microsoft **Visual Studio Code integration** with DevContainer helps to install everything required to start the local development immediately, while tasks and launch configurations help launch services, KUKSA VAL runtime services, and tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Microsoft **Visual Studio Code integration** with DevContainer helps to install everything required to start the local development immediately, while tasks and launch configurations help to launch runtime services, other apps, and tests

```
